in the holy name of wings irmak hey am i
watching what's going on I don't even
let me get you just get so big my eyes
oh the colors oh they're so bright oh oh
geez whoa look at my day all we needed
was a stick to have fun and you still
can so in a nutshell there's this a
group of people who I guess can bend
stuff with their minds like a earth fire
wind water heart wait now
we're not elite stone atilla's as
machines Raphael is cool but crude and
Michelangelo is a party dude dad there's
been total drama island Total Drama
Action
Total Drama do you have Vietnam or
something watching a bird in a raccoon
mow lawns all day is just about as
ordinary as it gets in cartoon Landa
well think again Sally
these jokers couldn't tie a shoe without
starting the apocalypse
spongebob is a sponge who lives in a
pineapple under the sea no neither I nor
the people who made this for smoking
anything oh I really wish I was welcome
to more stupid idiot ninja Phil Oh
everyone go sit your butts down and
watch then what are we left with the
copy of a copy of a cubby cubby cubby
cubby cubby cubby cubby cubby cubby I
just like to complain how overused it is
wait what am I saying
I just like to complain it's like trying
to make chewing look cool
the entire show is full of totally cool
dudes which you know my feelings on them
totally cool dudes totally cool dudes
totally gnarly dudes Mayans totally cool
dudes having a lot of totally cool
problems in a totally cool environment
I'm so sick of cartoons revolving around
totally cool dudes they aren't funny hey
man we gotta go skateboard not right now
man I gotta finish this pizza yo I
learned this rock and tune on my high
Vaness let's use words like wicked and
radical like they haven't been out a
style for 20 years in other words this
particular cartoon is not suitable for
my palate ah
if this joke is getting old you guys
maybe you'll get my drift that totally
cool dudes has been done to death it
needs to die baby shows annoying the
colors are too bright everyone screams
all the time and all they do is flat
their arms around like maniacs now if
you'll excuse me I hear a bunch of angry
fanboys knocking on my door so I'm gonna
go take cover underneath the sofa